GOOD EVENING
EVERYONE AND WELCOME TO THE
NOVEMBER SIX MEETING OF THE ANN
ARBOR CITY COUNCIL.
IF YOU'RE ABLE PLEASE RISE AND
JOIN US FOR A MOMENT OF SILENCE
FOLLOWED BY THE PLEDGE
OF ALLEGIANCE
, I PLEDGE
ALLEGIANCE TO THE FLAG OF THE
UNITED AMERICA AND TO THE
REPUBLIC OF ONE NATION IS WITH
LIBERTY AND JUSTICE FOR ALL
WHAT OUR CLARK PLEASE CALL THE
ROLE OF COUNSEL COUNCIL MEMBER
DESH HERE COUNCIL MEMBER
HARRISON COUNCIL MEMBER WATSON
HERE, COUNCIL MEMBER MALIK HERE
,COUNCIL MEMBER A DENHA HERE
COUNCIL MEMBER GRAZI EDWYN
MAYOR TAYLOR HERE.
COUNCILMAN BRIAN HERE.
COUNCILMAN RACKMAN COUNCIL
MEMBER BRIGS COUNCIL MEMBER
HORNELL HERE WE HAVE A QUORUM
THE MOTION PLEASE TO APPROVE
THE AGENDA MOVE BY COUNCIL
MEMBER WATSON SEGNI COUNCIL
MEMBER DENHA DISCUSSION OF THE
AGENDA.
I WILL OBSERVE THAT BOTH AT
HOME AND AND HERE IN THE
CHAMBERS THE TEXT TO THE SECOND
PUBLIC HEARING RESOLUTION TO
APPROVE A BROWNFIELD PLAN FOR
THE ARBOR S PROJECT.
TWENTY EIGHT FORTY FIVE S STATE
STREET DISTRICT IS STRICKEN
THROUGH.
THAT IS AN ARTIFACT OF OF
COMPUTERIZE.
THAT PUBLIC HEARING WILL BE
HELD TONIGHT.
YOU WILL OBSERVE AS WILL ALSO
NOTE THAT THE RELATED AABA S
PROPOSALS DC ONE IN DC TO HAVE
BEEN STRICKEN FROM THE AGENDA
AND THOSE INDEED HAVE BEEN
STRICKEN FROM THE AGENDA.
IT'S MY ANTICIPATION THAT THEY
WILL RETURN TO THE AGENDA AT
OUR NEXT MEETING PUBLIC HEARING
HOWEVER HAVING BEEN CALLED WILL
BE WILL BE HELD BOTH AT THIS
MEETING AND AT THE NEXT MEETING
AND WE'LL EXPLAIN MORE ABOUT
THAT LATER.
JUST THAT'S THE EXPLANATION ON
WHAT YOU SEE ON PUBLIC HEARING
NUMBER TWO, FURTHER DISCUSSION
OF THE AGENDA ON FAVOR FILIPOV
THE AGENDA IS APPROVED.
ARE THERE COMMUNICATIONS TODAY
FROM OUR CITY ADMINISTRATOR
NOEMIA?
WE HAVE A REPORT FROM THE
INDEPENDENT COMMUNITY POLICE
OVERSIGHT COMMISSION.
I BELIEVE WE HAVE VICE CHAIR
OFMAN YOU HAVE THE GOOD
EVENING.
THIS IS A REPORT BY THE
INDEPENDENT COMMUNITY POLICE
OVERSIGHT COMMISSION REPORT TO
A NOBLE CITY COUNCIL.
WE ARE KNOWN AS APOC.
I TRY TO TELL THEM I SPOKE
ABOUT DID NOT CALL THAT MAYOR.
MR. MAYOR, CITY COUNCIL MEMBERS
,CITY ADMINISTRATOR, CITY
CLERK AND COMMUNITY CHAIR
CARTER SENDS HER GREETINGS.
SHE CAN NOT BE HERE BECAUSE
OF PRIOR ENGAGEMENT.
MY NAME IS MOHAMMED OTHMAN AND
I'M THE VICE CHAIR OF THERE ARE
A FEW THINGS TO REPORT TO YOU.
THE FIRST IS THREE
COMMISSIONERS ATTENDED THE
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR
CIVILIAN OVERSIGHT OF LAW
ENFORCEMENT AS I IN
MINNEAPOLIS, MINNESOTA LAST
WEEK BEFORE THE CONFERENCE
WHICH WAS HELD IN THE CITY
WHERE GEORGE FLOYD WAS
MURDERED, FEATURED SPEAKERS
FROM AROUND THE COUNTRY ON
TOPICS RANGING FROM DATA DRIVEN
INVESTIGATIONS AND AFTER ACTION
INTERVIEWS TO ARTIFICIAL
INTELLIGENCE AND OVERSIGHT AND
COMMUNITY POLICE MEDIATION WE
MAINTAINED REGULAR MEETINGS
WITH CHIEF ANDERSON DISCUSS
ISSUES THAT ARE RELATED TO OUR
WORKING TOGETHER.
ALSO WE HELD THE INFORMATION
MANAGERS HELD A TRANSPARENCY
MEETING WITH THE PRESS STAFF TO
REVIEW UNREDACTED MATERIALS
INCLUDED INCLUDING BODY WORN
CAMERA VIDEOS AS PART OF OUR
REVIEW PROCESS OF THE CITIZEN'S
COMPLAINTS IN TERMS
OF COMPLAINTS SO FAR WE
RECEIVED AS ECHO PARK DIRECTLY
TWENTY NINE COMPLAINTS FROM
CITIZENS AND THOSE THAT INCLUDE
THE COMPLAINTS THAT WERE
REPORTED DIRECTLY TO THE POLICE
DEPARTMENT.
WE ALMOST FINISHED ALL OF THEM
REVIEWED PROBABLY TWO OR THREE
IN THE PIPELINE WAITING FOR THE
POLICE AT INVESTIGATION TO
COMPLETE AND THEN WILL DO OUR
OWN REVIEW OF THOSE CASES
.
TWENTY TWENTY FIVE ECHO PARK
REPORT WILL BE WORKING ON THE
REPORT AND HOPING TO HAVE THAT
TWENTY TWENTY FIVE ECHO PARK
DONE AND PRESENTED IN EARLY
REPORT AND HOPING TO HAVE THAT
TWENTY TWENTY SIX MEGABUCK ALSO
DONE AND PRESENTED IN EARLY
WILL HAVE THE SECOND ANNUAL
TWENTY TWENTY SIX MEGABUCK ALSO
SOCIAL JUSTICE SYMPOSIUM AND
WILL HAVE THE SECOND ANNUAL
THIS YEAR WILL BE NAMED AFTER
SOCIAL JUSTICE SYMPOSIUM AND
LEDGEWOOD WALTON WHO WAS ONE
THIS YEAR WILL BE NAMED AFTER
OF OUR ORIGINAL COMMISSIONERS
LEDGEWOOD WALTON WHO WAS ONE
AND ALSO WILL ADD TO THAT THE
OF OUR ORIGINAL COMMISSIONERS
COMMUNITY ACTIVIST LATE THIS
AND ALSO WILL ADD TO THAT THE
SHOW THE WE HOPE THAT THIS WILL
COMMUNITY ACTIVIST LATE THIS
BE HELD IN THE SPRING AND MORE
SHOW THE WE HOPE THAT THIS WILL
DETAILS WILL BE PROVIDED AND
BE HELD IN THE SPRING AND MORE
FUTURE REPORTS I HAD THE CHANCE
DETAILS WILL BE PROVIDED AND
TO SIT ON TWO PRESENTATIONS
FUTURE REPORTS I HAD THE CHANCE
OF RECORD MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS
TO SIT ON TWO PRESENTATIONS
ARMUS VENDORS AND REVIEWED ALL
OF RECORD MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS
FOUR SYSTEMS.
ARMUS VENDORS AND REVIEWED ALL
I PROVIDED MY FEEDBACK TO APD
FOUR SYSTEMS.
FROM THE CITY COUNCIL MEETINGS.
I PROVIDED MY FEEDBACK TO APD
IT SHOWED AT THE OREMUS WAS
FROM THE CITY COUNCIL MEETINGS.
RECEIVED AND FILED.
IT SHOWED AT THE OREMUS WAS
WE HOPE THAT THE SYSTEM WOULD
RECEIVED AND FILED.
BE ACQUIRED PRETTY SOON.
WE HOPE THAT THE SYSTEM WOULD
THE CURRENT SYSTEM THAT THE
BE ACQUIRED PRETTY SOON.
POLICE IS USING WAS JUST CLIMOS
THE CURRENT SYSTEM THAT THE
IS OUTDATED AND NEEDS TO BE
POLICE IS USING WAS JUST CLIMOS
REPLACED.
IS OUTDATED AND NEEDS TO BE
NEW OREMUS WILL GENERATE BETTER
REPLACED.
DATA FOR BETTER STATISTICAL
NEW OREMUS WILL GENERATE BETTER
ANALYSIS VACANCES WE CURRENTLY
DATA FOR BETTER STATISTICAL
HAVE TWO OPENINGS TO FILL.
ANALYSIS VACANCES WE CURRENTLY
WE REVIEWED ONE CANDIDATE AND
HAVE TWO OPENINGS TO FILL.
HOPE THE COUNCIL WILL CONFIRM
WE REVIEWED ONE CANDIDATE AND
HIM SOON.
HOPE THE COUNCIL WILL CONFIRM
WE ALSO ENCOURAGE OUR COMMUNITY
HIM SOON.
TO APPLY FOR THE VACANT
WE ALSO ENCOURAGE OUR COMMUNITY
POSITION AND OUR COMMISSION.
TO APPLY FOR THE VACANT
I WOULD REALLY ENCOURAGE THE
POSITION AND OUR COMMISSION.
YOUNG TO APPLY BECAUSE IF WE
I WOULD REALLY ENCOURAGE THE
LOOK AT THE COMPOSITION OF OUR
YOUNG TO APPLY BECAUSE IF WE
PARK COMMISSIONER WE ARE
LOOK AT THE COMPOSITION OF OUR
RETIRED AND AGED.
PARK COMMISSIONER WE ARE
WE NEED NEW BLOOD TO DEAL WITH
RETIRED AND AGED.
ISSUES RELATED TO YOUNG IF THEY
WE NEED NEW BLOOD TO DEAL WITH
HAVE DIFFERENT TYPE
ISSUES RELATED TO YOUNG IF THEY
OF COMPLAINTS THAN US.
HAVE DIFFERENT TYPE
THE OTHER THING WE ARE WORKING
OF COMPLAINTS THAN US.
ON IS WE ARE TRYING TO BRING
THE OTHER THING WE ARE WORKING
OUR REGULAR MEETINGS TO THE
ON IS WE ARE TRYING TO BRING
COMMUNITY.
OUR REGULAR MEETINGS TO THE
WE ARE WORKING ON HAVING OUR
COMMUNITY.
APRIL MEETING TO BE HELD AT THE
WE ARE WORKING ON HAVING OUR
ISLAMIC CENTER ON PLYMOUTH ROAD
APRIL MEETING TO BE HELD AT THE
AGAIN UPDATE'S WILL BE PROVIDED
ISLAMIC CENTER ON PLYMOUTH ROAD
TO YOU AND THE FUTURE AND IF
AGAIN UPDATE'S WILL BE PROVIDED
THERE NO OTHER QUESTIONS SO
TO YOU AND THE FUTURE AND IF
THIS IS OUR REPORT TO YOU.
THERE NO OTHER QUESTIONS SO
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
THIS IS OUR REPORT TO YOU.
THANK YOU.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
WE NOW COME TO PUBLIC COMMENT
THANK YOU.
RESERVED TIME PUBLIC COMMENT
WE NOW COME TO PUBLIC COMMENT
RESERVED TIME IS AN OPPORTUNITY
RESERVED TIME PUBLIC COMMENT
FOR MEMBERS OF THE PUBLIC TO
RESERVED TIME IS AN OPPORTUNITY
SPEAK TO COUNCIL TO THE
FOR MEMBERS OF THE PUBLIC TO
COMMUNITY ABOUT MATTERS
SPEAK TO COUNCIL TO THE
OF MUNICIPAL INTEREST TO SPEAK
COMMUNITY ABOUT MATTERS
IN PUBLIC RESERVE TIME ONE
OF MUNICIPAL INTEREST TO SPEAK
NEEDS TO HAVE SIGNED UP IN
IN PUBLIC RESERVE TIME ONE
ADVANCE BY CONTACTING YOUR CITY
NEEDS TO HAVE SIGNED UP IN
CLERK.
ADVANCE BY CONTACTING YOUR CITY
SPEAKERS IN ALL INSTANCES WILL
CLERK.
HAVE THREE MINUTES IN WHICH TO
SPEAKERS IN ALL INSTANCES WILL
SPEAK.
HAVE THREE MINUTES IN WHICH TO
SO PLEASE PAY CLOSE ATTENTION
SPEAK.
TO THE TIME OUR CLERK OR THE
SO PLEASE PAY CLOSE ATTENTION
TIME CLOCK WILL NOTIFY YOU IN
TO THE TIME OUR CLERK OR THE
THIRTY SECONDS ARE REMAINING
TIME CLOCK WILL NOTIFY YOU IN
AND WHEN YOUR TIME HAS EXPIRED
THIRTY SECONDS ARE REMAINING
WHEN YOUR TIME'S EXPIRED PLEASE
AND WHEN YOUR TIME HAS EXPIRED
CONCLUDE REMARKS AND CEDE THE
WHEN YOUR TIME'S EXPIRED PLEASE
FLOOR.
CONCLUDE REMARKS AND CEDE THE
OUR FIRST SPEAKER TODAY IS
FLOOR.
PETER X10
AFTER THIS COUNCIL
DID SO MUCH TO GIVE JEFFREY
HELPMANN THE TRANSIT CORRIDOR
HE WANTED ALONG HIS PROPERTY HE
HAS TURNED AROUND AND PROPOSED
ARBER S A HIGHLY CAR CENTRIC
PROJECT WITH AS MANY AS THREE
CITY FINANCED PARKING DECKS.
JEFFRIES PROJECT WOULD REQUIRE
AS MUCH AS A THIRD OF A BILLION
DOLLARS IN TAX SUBSIDIES AND
TAX AND CITY SUBSIDIES AND TAX
BREAKS FOR THE NEXT 30 YEARS AS
FAR AS I CAN TELL, THE TAX
RETURN TO THE CITY, THE COUNTY
AND THE TRANSIT AUTHORITY WOULD
BE ZERO FROM THIS PROJECT AND
DESPITE THE MAJOR NEW COSTS
THAT IT WOULD IMPOSE ON BOTH
THE CITY AND THE RIDE THIS
MASSIVE SUBSIDIZATION WOULD
PROVIDE A DISTINCT COMPETITIVE
ADVANTAGE OVER OTHER RECENT
DEVELOPMENTS WHERE RENTS HAVE
TO COVER THE COST OF ALL THOSE
TAX PAYMENTS.
>> SOME PEOPLE GET EXCITED BY
THE WORDS WORDS LIKE
PLACEMAKING MIXED USE AND
SECOND DOWNTOWN.
BUT IT MAKES NO SENSE TO START
THOSE THINGS FROM SCRATCH.
WE ALREADY HAVE THE MAKINGS
OF AN EXTRA BANDED MIXED USE
COMPLEX JUST ACROSS THE STREET
AT THE NEW BRIARWOOD HALL, A
LARGE GROCERY STORE AND A
MASSIVE APARTMENT COMPLEX ARE
BEING BUILT JUST A SHORT WALK
FROM EACH OTHER.
RETAIL SPACE IS PLENTIFUL AND
SOME RESTAURANTS ALREADY OFFER
THAT DELICIOUS FOOD THAT IS
MERELY ASPIRATIONAL AND ARBOR S
IS A FAR MORE PROMISING
BEGINNING EVEN THOUGH IT WON'T
MAKE JEFFEREY A NICKEL.
>> THERE'S AN OLD SONG WHATEVER
LOLA WANTS LOLA GETS ALL TOO
OFTEN THIS COUNCIL'S POLICY
SEEMS TO BE WHATEVER GEOFFREY
WANTS.
GEOFFREY GETS SOME CYNICS SAY
THIS HAS SOMETHING TO DO WITH
HIS DONATING.
MORE THAN TWENTY THOUSAND
DOLLARS SPREAD ACROSS THE
CAMPAIGN'S OF AT LEAST EIGHT
OF YOU ALSO GEOFFREY USE HIS
PROPERTY TO HOST A LARGE
FUNDRAISER FOR COUNCIL MEMBERS
DISH AND IGHER.
THESE TWO SHOULD CERTAINLY
RECUSE THEMSELVES FROM ANY VOTE
ON A PROPOSAL THAT WOULD SO
MASSIVELY BENEFIT HIS PROJECT
AND THE REST OF YOU SHOULD JUST
VOTE AGAINST THIS OUTRAGEOUS
BOONDOGGLE.
>> THANK YOU.
THANK NEXT SPEAKER IS HENRY
HERSKOVITS.
YOU.
GOOD EVENING.
ANN ARBOR HIGH SCHOOL STUDENTS
ARE MANDATED BY OUR STATE
GOVERNMENT TO LEARN ABOUT THE
HOLOCAUST.
I'VE ADDRESSED COUNCIL ON THIS
TOPIC SEVERAL TIMES SO PERHAPS
A REVIEW FOR THESE STUDENTS IS
WARRANTED.
I CONSIDER MYSELF A STUDENT AS
WELL.
SO WHEN I OFFER THE FOLLOWING
FACTS ABOUT THIS HOLOCAUST I'M
PREPARED TO STAND CORRECTED IF
SUPERIOR FACTS ARE PRODUCED.
IN FACT, ONE THERE EXISTS NO
PHOTOGRAPHIC EVIDENCE OF A
HOMICIDAL GAS CHAMBERS USE.
THIS MEANS THAT NO ONE CAN
PRODUCE EVEN A SINGLE WARTIME
PHOTO OF A HOMICIDAL GAS
CHAMBER FACT TO FRENCH PRIME
MINISTER CHARLES DE GAULLE
BRITISH PRIME MINISTER WINSTON
CHURCHILL AND SUPREME ALLIED
COMMANDER DWIGHT D. EISENHOWER
EACH PUBLISHED THEIR WARTIME
MEMOIRS ABOUT TEN YEARS AFTER
THE WAR IN THE SEVEN THOUSAND
PLUS PAGES WRITTEN COMBINED
THEIR THERE EXISTS NO MENTION
OF GAS CHAMBERS SIX MILLION
JEWISH DEATHS NOR ANY REFERENCE
TO AN EXTERMINATION PLAN FOR
EUROPEAN JEWS.
FACT THREE ATROCITY ALLEGATIONS
OF SOAP FROM HUMAN FAT
LAMPSHADES AND LEATHER POUCHES
FROM HUMAN SKIN HAVE BEEN
DEBUNKED BY YAD VASHEM,
ISRAEL'S HOLOCAUST MUSEUM.
SO THERE WERE NO BARS, NO SOAP
BARS MADE FROM JEWISH FAT, NO
LAMPSHADES NOR LEATHER POUCHES
MADE FROM HUMAN SKIN FACT FOR
THE WORD HOLOCAUST SPELLED WITH
A CAPITAL H AS REFERRING TO THE
ALLEGED TREATMENT OF JEWS IN
WORLD WAR TWO DID NOT APPEAR IN
ANY AMERICAN DICTIONARY UNTIL
THE LATE 1970S.
AT LEAST 30 YEARS AFTER THE WAR
ENDED.
IN FACT, FIVE THE AUSCHWITZ
WORK CAMP WAS LIBERATED BY THE
SOVIETS IN NINETEEN FORTY FIVE.
QUICKLY AFTERWARDS STONE
TABLETS WERE ERECTED STATING
QUOTE FOUR MILLION PEOPLE
SUFFERED AND DIED HERE AT THE
HANDS OF THE NAZI MURDERERS
BETWEEN NINETEEN FORTY AND
NINETEEN FORTY FIVE BUT IN
NINETEEN NINETY AFTER THE FALL
OF THE BERLIN WALL THIS NUMBER
WAS REDUCED TO ONE POINT ONE
MILLION AND THE NUMBER IS STILL
DEBATED.
YET THE MANDATED FIGURE OF SIX
MILLION REMAINS THESE FIVE
FACTS NEED TO BE SCRUTINIZED
AND POSSIBLY CORRECTED FOR
REVISIONIST ARE FALLIBLE.
MY UNDERSTANDING IS THAT
REVISIONISTS ARE WILLING TO BE
CORRECTED.
WILL THOSE PROMOTING THE
ORTHODOX NARRATIVE SAY THE SAME
?
>> THANK YOU.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS MARK
SCHERBA
MACZKA ABOUT TWENTY
SEVENTEEN FAIR STREET IN TWENTY
TWENTY THREE I CELEBRATED AS
THIS COUNCIL PASSED A
RESOLUTION COMMITTING TO
CHANGING THE MOST DANGEROUS
ROADS IN OUR CITY.
THOSE WITH FOUR MORE LANES IN
MARCH OF THIS YEAR A MOTHER WAS
KILLED CROSSING PLIMOTH ROAD
WHERE IT HAS SIX LANES.
JOANNE ROGERS SURVIVED CANCER.
SHE WAS KILLED BY A TRAFFIC
ENGINEER.
SHE AND THE MORE THAN THIRTY
FOUR OTHER PEOPLE WHO HAVE BEEN
INJURED OR KILLED ON OUR
STREETS JUST SINCE YOU PASSED
THAT RESOLUTION ARE NOT JUST
NUMBERS.
THERE ARE NEIGHBORS AND
FRIENDS.
SOME MIGHT SAY WELL ONLY A FEW
PEOPLE HAVE DIED FOR A MINUTE.
CAN YOU IMAGINE SURVIVING A
CRASH BUT SPENDING THE REST
OF YOUR LIFE WITH CHRONIC PAIN
TO BE UNABLE TO WALK EVER
AGAIN?
WHAT IF YOU ARE A YOUNG DRIVER
WHO MADE A MISTAKE AND KILLED
YOUR CLASSMATE?
HOW WOULD YOU LIVE WITH THAT
GUILT CITY COUNCIL
ADMINISTRATED HONEY, THIS
CANNOT BE BUSINESS AS USUAL.
I KNOW YOU ALL CARE ABOUT ROAD
SAFETY BUT IT IS NOT ENOUGH TO
CARE.
YOU MUST ACT.
THE CITY DECLARED MISSION ZERO
TEN YEARS AGO A GOAL THAT SAYS
SAFETY PEOPLE'S LIVES ARE MORE
IMPORTANT THAN CAR SPEED.
SINCE THEN YOU'VE MADE A DOZEN
PLANS AND HAVE SPENT MILLIONS
OF DOLLARS AND MORE CONSULTANTS
AND YET CITY STAFF STILL DON'T
UNDERSTAND THE FUNDAMENTAL
ASSERTION OF VISION.
ZERO STAFF REQUESTED THAT THE
LATEST STUDIES RECOMMENDATIONS
SHOULD AVOID PERSISTENT NETWORK
LOCK AND FREEWAY QUEUING AND
THE CONSULTANTS CURRENT PLAN IS
DELIVERING ON THAT GOAL
OF BALANCING CONGESTION WITH
THE LIVES OF PEOPLE.
THE NON-NEGOTIABLE BASELINE
OF THIS ANALYSIS NEEDS TO BE
STREETS DESIGNED FOR SLOW
SPEEDS.
THE OPEN QUESTION IS WHERE TO
PUT ROUNDABOUTS AND BUS LANES.
YOUR JOB AS COUNCIL MEMBERS IS
ENSURING THE ADMINISTRATOR IS
CREATING THE OUTCOMES YOU'VE
PRIORITIZED LIKE ZERO SERIOUS
INJURIES ON OUR STREETS.
AN ADMINISTRATOR TONY, YOU'RE
RESPONSIBLE FOR ENSURING YOUR
STAFF ENABLE THOSE OUTCOMES.
I HOPE YOU HAVE A PLAN TO SPEND
THE FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND
DOLLARS THAT COUNCIL ALLOCATED
FOR QUICK BUILDS TODAY A MULTI
LANE ROAD THIS YEAR I RECOMMEND
BY STARTING WITH STADIUM
BOULEVARD IN FRONT OF PIONEER
HIGH SCHOOL A BIKE BIKE LANES
EXIST AND THEN DISAPPEAR FOR
ONE BLOCK IN FRONT OF THE
SCHOOL AND THAT'S JUST TO ADD
TWO MORE CAR LANES PAINT AND
FLEX ARE NOT LONG TERM
SOLUTIONS AND THEY ARE JUST
ABOUT THE ONLY THING YOU CAN
BUY AND INSTALL FOR FIVE
HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS I'D
ASK THE TRANSPORTATION
DEPARTMENT WHAT ARE THE
BARRIERS TO REMOVING EXCESS
LANES RIGHT NOW I'D LOVE TO
MEET WITH YOU AND ASK HOW DO
YOU NEED TO BE SUPPORTED TO
CREATE A SAFE TRANSPORTATION
SYSTEM?
I UNDERSTAND THAT IT'S EASY TO
SAY SOMEBODY ELSE IS WORKING ON
IT OR YOU JUST HAVE TO HAVE
PATIENCE.
WE'RE LOOKING INTO THE WELL,
YOU'RE LOOKING INTO IT.
SOMEONE'S ELSE'S PARENT IS
BEING KILLED.
ON A FINAL LIGHTER NOTE, A
FRIEND AND LONGTIME COUNTY
RECENTLY TOLD ME THAT INSTEAD
OF A ROAD DIET WE SHOULD CALL
IT A ROAD BUFFET BECAUSE YOU
CAN TABLE MORE TRANSPORTATION
OPTIONS FOR EVERYONE.
LET'S GET TO WORK ON MAKING ANN
ARBOR SAFE FOR ALL.
>> THANK YOU.
THANK YOU.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS JEREMY HELE
.
JEREMY
WHOMPING IN NOVA.
JEREMY HAYLE IPSI TOWNSHIP.
GOOD EVENING EVERYONE.
LITTLE THROWBACK TO LAST TIME I
WAS HERE SIGMUND FREUD AND THIS
IS SEDUCTION THEORY AND HOW HE
CHANGED IT TO BLAME IT ON TO
THE VICTIMS.
SO HE WAS THE INVENTOR
OF MODERN DAY GASLIGHTING AS WE
KNOW IT AND HE DID THE REASON
PROTECT THE PROPERTY OF FILES
THAT HE WAS IN RELATIONSHIP OR
TO OR KNEW AT THE TIME BECAUSE
IT WAS HIS SUPERIORS THAT
CHANGED MADE CHANGE HIS THEORY
BECAUSE THEY DIDN'T LIKE THE
OUTCOME.
AND WHEN IT COMES TO MARKETING
PROPAGANDA, IT'S PSYCHOLOGY,
PSYCHOLOGY BASED.
THEY SEE PSYCHOLOGY TO
MANIPULATE YOU WANT TO DO
THINGS IF YOU KNOW IT OR NOT
AND BUT A HUNDRED YEARS AGO
THERE'S A CAMPAIGN MARKETING
CAMPAIGN CALLED TORCHES
OF FREEDOM AND IT WAS A
CAMPAIGN TO SELL A PRODUCT THAT
WAS MARKETED TO WOMEN AND THEY
SOLD IT TO WOMEN.
SO YOU WANT TO BE EQUAL WITH
MEN?
HAVE A CIGARET CIGARET.
AND IT WAS EDWARD BERNAYS WHO
DID IT AND HE WAS A NEPHEW
OF SIGMUND FREUD AND HE PAID
WOMEN HIGH CLASS WOMEN AT THE
TIME WHAT YOU CALL HIGH CLASS
WOMEN WALK AROUND SOME OF THE
BIG CITIES AND SMOKING CIGARETS
TO CAMPAIGN TO OTHER PEOPLE.
THAT IS OK FOR HIGH CLASS WOMEN
TO HAVE CIGARETS AND NOT JUST
FOR LOWER CLASS WOMEN.
ALL WOMEN CAN DO IT AND YOU
COULD BE EQUAL AS THE MEN THEY
SAW IT AS A YOU CAN BE AS
EQUALS AND MEN CAMPAIGN AND HE
WENT ON TO DO SEVERAL OTHER
CAMPAIGNS TO SELL PRODUCTS FOR
OTHER COMPANIES.
HE WAS ACTUALLY ASKED BY THE
NAZI PARTY IN THE THIRTIES TO
CAMPAIGN FOR THEM BUT HE DID
NOT.
FORTUNATELY SOME OTHER AMERICAN
COMPANIES DID HELP THEM OUT AND
I'M SAYING WE HAVE TO BE WARY
OF WHAT WE'RE GIVEN HOW IT'S
GIVEN ASK QUESTIONS ABOUT IT
AND NOT BE SO WILLING TO TAKE
IT FOR WHAT IT IS AND BE
WILLING TO TAKE THAT STEP BACK
AND LOOK AT IT OBJECTIVELY TO
MAKE SURE WE'RE NOT BEING SOLD
SOMETHING THAT COULD BE A LIE
BECAUSE IT HAS HURT MANY PEOPLE
OVER THE YEARS HOW PSYCHOLOGY
HAS BEEN USED TO MANIPULATE
PEOPLE, SELL PRODUCTS TO GET
KIDS ADDICTED TO TV WITH ALL
THE FLASHING COLORS, FLASHING
SCREENS THAT IS AND THAT IS
PSYCHOLOGY BASED.
THEY HAVE TESTED IT AND IT HAS
WORKED AND I'M JUST SAYING BE
CAREFUL WITH WHAT'S OUT AND
TAKE A CAREFUL LOOK AT IT.
THANK YOU.
>> THANK THANK YOU.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS MOTION
SOMETHING.
YES.
FUNNY NO ANN ARBOR MY NAME IS
MAJKEN SERVATIUS VONNE.
I WANT TO THANK THE MAYOR FOR
FINALLY PRONOUNCING MY NAME
CORRECTLY.
IT'S MUCH, MUCH IMPROVED NOW
OF COURSE AFTER TEN YEARS IT
WOULD HAVE TO BE EXPECTED BUT
ENOUGH OF THAT I AM HERE PRETTY
MUCH EVERY TIME DEMANDING THAT
THIS CITY COUNCIL PASSES A
RESOLUTION THAT WE HAVE BROUGHT
TO TWENTY YEARS AGO THAT SAYS
CUT OFF MILITARY AID TO ISRAEL.
ISRAEL IS POUNDING LEBANON
RIGHT NOW.
ISRAEL IS BOMBING SYRIA RIGHT
NOW.
ISRAEL HAS MURDERED POTENTIALLY
UP TO 400000 PEOPLE.
WE DON'T EXACTLY KNOW HOW MANY
PEOPLE THEY'VE KILLED BUT THERE
HAVE BEEN STUDIES THAT SAY
UNDER SIXTY ONE THOUSAND TONS
OF RUBBLE.
THERE IS PROBABLY A LOT MORE
PEOPLE THAT THEY'VE ALREADY
COUNTED A MILLION SIXTY ONE
MILLION TONS OF RUBBLE.
I'M LOSING COUNT OF HUNDREDS
AND THOUSANDS OF MILLIONS.
>> IT IS NEVERTHELESS A SHAME
OF HUMANITY THAT THIS BODY HAS
NOT BEEN ABLE TO PRODUCE ANY
RECOMMENDATION OF THE STATE
OF ISRAEL THAT IS COMMITTING A
GENOCIDE BY ALL MEANS BY ALL
WHO ARE WATCHING IT, ALL THE
ORGANIZATIONS THAT ARE WATCHING
ACTIONS OF ISRAEL, HUMAN RIGHTS
ORGANIZATIONS, THE UNITED
NATIONS, YOU NAME B'TSELEM THEY
WERE ALL SAYING THIS IS A
GENOCIDE AND THIS BODY HERE HAS
HAD MORE TIME TO SAY ONE WORD
ABOUT IT.
STOP THIS GENOCIDE.
THERE'S A LOT OF YOUNG PEOPLE
HERE I HOPE THAT THEY WILL
DEMAND THAT OF YOU PEOPLE WHO
ARE BEING KILLED AND TORTURED
AND RAPED IN PALESTINE RIGHT
NOW ARE THE SAME AGE AS THOSE
OF YOU WHO ARE WATCHING ME NOW
STAND UP AND SPEAK UP.
YOU SEE HOW IT REALLY BRINGS
YOU SUCCESS WHEN YOU STAND UP
AND YOU SPEAK UP, YOU SEE HOW
ZUOREN HAMDANI, ONE NEW YORK
CITY MAYOR RACE AGAINST A PIG A
PIG WAS ALSO A SEX OFFENDER.
THEY KICKED HIS OUT NOW HE CAN
GET DOWN TO THE BUSINESS
OF FIXING NEW YORK CITY THAT IS
NOT SUITABLE FOR ANYONE EXCEPT
BILLIONAIRES TO LIVE IN IN THAT
ONE YEAR IT LOOKS A LOT LIKE
ANN ARBOR IN ANN ARBOR.
WE HAVE THIS CITY COUNCIL THAT
HAS BEEN SITTING HERE FOR
DECADES AND DONE NOTHING ABOUT
AFFORDABLE HOUSING ALTHOUGH
THEY TALK ABOUT IT A LOT BUT
THEY HAVE PRODUCED VERY LITTLE
AFFORDABLE HOUSING.
WE CAN CHANGE THIS MAYOR AND
HAVE ANOTHER ONE WHO WILL DO IT
.
ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU FOR YOUR ATTENTION.
THANK YOU, MR. FREE PALESTINE.
THANK YOU AGAIN.
FREE PALESTINE.
I WILL COME BACK TO YOU, MR.
MAYOR.
THANK OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS
PLAYING KOHLMAN.
YOU
I'M ALSO HERE MY NAME IS
BLAINE COLEMAN AND I'M ALSO
HERE TO TELL YOU TO APPROVE THE
RESOLUTION AGAINST MILITARY AID
TO ISRAEL AS WE'VE BEEN ASKING
FOR SO MANY YEARS NOW.
ANYONE WHO READS THE NEWS CAN
SEE THAT ISRAEL IS COMMITTING A
FOR REAL GENOCIDE IN PALESTINE.
MOST SPECIF ACTUALLY IN THE
GAZA STRIP NOW YOU KNOW THE
GAZA STRIP IS THE SIZE
OF DETROIT.
ISRAEL HAS DROPPED THE
EQUIVALENT OF A BUNCH
OF HIROSHIMA BOMBS ON ITS
LITTLE TINY PLACE.
IT'S LITTLE TINY OVERCROWDED
PLACE CALLED THE GAZA STRIP FOR
TWO YEARS ISRAEL HAS KILLED GOD
KNOWS HOW MANY PEOPLE FOUR
HUNDRED THOUSAND THREE HUNDRED
THOUSAND TWO HUNDRED THOUSAND
WHO KNOWS?
IT'S GOT TO BE MORE THAN THE
SEVENTY THOUSAND THEY'RE
TELLING US BECAUSE AS DR.
MOYSTON SAID, THERE ARE SO MANY
PEOPLE BURIED UNDER SIXTY ONE
MILLION TONS IS SIXTY ONE
MILLION METRIC TONS OF RUBBLE
IN THE GAZA STRIP.
YOUR TAX DOLLARS PAID FOR THAT.
YOUR TAX DOLLARS GAVE ISRAEL
UNLIMITED MISSILES AND BOMBS
AND EVERYTHING TO COMMIT A REAL
GENOCIDE ON THE PEOPLE OF THE
GAZA STRIP TO COMMIT A REAL
HOLOCAUST ON THE PEOPLE OF THE
GAZA STRIP.
>> YOU PAID FOR IT AND IF
YOU'RE SITTING ON THE CITY
COUNCIL WITH YOUR POLITICAL
SUPPORT
, YOU HAVE MADE SURE IT
HAPPENS.
NOT ONE OF YOU NOT ONE OF YOU
HAS RAISED YOUR HAND AND SAID
YEAH, I WILL SPONSOR THE
RESOLUTION AGAINST MILITARY AID
TO ISRAEL.
>> BUT GUESS WHAT?
A REAL ACTIVIST JUST LIKE US
FOR DIVESTMENT AGAINST ISRAEL,
FOR BOYCOTT AGAINST ISRAEL, FOR
CUTTING OFF THE MILITARY AID TO
ISRAEL THAT REAL ACTIVIST NAMED
ZORAN MAMDANI JUST GOT ELECTED
BY AN OVERWHELMING MARGIN AS
THE MAYOR OF NEW YORK CITY, NEW
YORK CITY.
>> WHY ON EARTH DOES THIS CITY
COUNCIL THINK THAT THEY HAVE
SOME KIND OF POLITICAL
ADVANTAGE BY STANDING WITH THE
GENOCIDE?
THEY DON'T IF YOU WANT TO GET
ELECTED YOU'RE GOING TO STAND
AGAINST THIS GENOCIDE LIKE YOU
SAW ON MAMDANI AND YOU MIGHT
COME OUT AHEAD LIKE MAMDANI
JUST DID.
IF YOU CAN'T SAY NO TO
BANKROLLING A GENOCIDE, YOU
REALLY CAN'T BE TRUSTED WITH
ANYTHING, NOT EVEN A SIDEWALK
.
THANK YOU.
ARE THERE COMMUNICATIONS TODAY
FROM COUNCIL MEMBER CORNELL?
>> THANK YOU.
I JUST WANT TO ASK FOLKS TO
SAVE THE DATE THAT OUR MIDNIGHT
MADNESS AND HOLIDAY CELEBRATION
DOWN ON MAIN STREET IS
SCHEDULED FOR THE FIRST FRIDAY
IN DECEMBER DECEMBER 5TH.
A LOT OF THE MERCHANTS WILL
HAVE SPECIAL EVENTS GOING ON
THERE ACTIVATING THEIR SPACES
IN VARIOUS WAYS LOTS OF FAMILY
FRIENDLY ACTIVITY.
I CAN CONFIRM THAT YOU CAN COME
AND MAKE A MAGIC HOLIDAY WAND
FOR FREE YOUR FAMILY AT THE
ANNENBERG CENTER AND I KNOW
THAT OUR LOCAL HIGH SCHOOLS ARE
ALSO ACTIVATING THEIR BANDS,
ORCHESTRAS AND ARTISTS TO COME
OUT AND ACTIVATE THOSE SPACES
AS WELL.
IT'S A REALLY GREAT TIME TO
ENJOY DOWNTOWN.
ENJOY OUR DOWNTOWN BUSINESSES.
IT'S A REALLY GREAT TIME TO
>> I LOOK FORWARD TO SEEING YOU
ENJOY OUR DOWNTOWN BUSINESSES.
GUYS OUT THERE.
>> I LOOK FORWARD TO SEEING YOU
THANK YOU, COUNCILOR.
GUYS OUT THERE.
I JUST WANTED TO REPORT THAT
THANK YOU, COUNCILOR.
YESTERDAY I WENT ON A TOUR
I JUST WANTED TO REPORT THAT
OF THE DUNBAR TOWER WHICH IS
YESTERDAY I WENT ON A TOUR
THE FIRST OF THE AFFORDABLE
OF THE DUNBAR TOWER WHICH IS
HOUSING PROJECTS TO BE REALIZED
THE FIRST OF THE AFFORDABLE
TO BE COMING OUT OF THE GROUND
HOUSING PROJECTS TO BE REALIZED
SUPPORTED BY THE AFFORDABLE
TO BE COMING OUT OF THE GROUND
HOUSING VILLAGE AND THIS IS
SUPPORTED BY THE AFFORDABLE
RIGHT IN KOREATOWN.
HOUSING VILLAGE AND THIS IS
YOU'VE ALL SEEN IT.
RIGHT IN KOREATOWN.
IT'S IT'S IT'S COMING UP ACROSS
YOU'VE ALL SEEN IT.
THE KITTY CORNER BASICALLY FROM
IT'S IT'S IT'S COMING UP ACROSS
THE CO-OP AND OUR TOUR STARTED
THE KITTY CORNER BASICALLY FROM
IN THE BASEMENT WHICH IS WELL
THE CO-OP AND OUR TOUR STARTED
NOT IN THE BASEMENT ON THE
IN THE BASEMENT WHICH IS WELL
FIRST FLOOR WHICH HAS A
NOT IN THE BASEMENT ON THE
BEAUTIFUL COMMUNITY ROOM OR I
FIRST FLOOR WHICH HAS A
MEAN SPACE RIGHT NOW.
BEAUTIFUL COMMUNITY ROOM OR I
BUT I COULD IMAGINE WHAT WAS
MEAN SPACE RIGHT NOW.
GOING TO LOOK LIKE AS A ROOM
BUT I COULD IMAGINE WHAT WAS
AND THEN WE WENT ALL THE WAY UP
GOING TO LOOK LIKE AS A ROOM
TO THE SIXTH FLOOR AND THE
AND THEN WE WENT ALL THE WAY UP
VIEWS FROM THE SIXTH FLOOR
TO THE SIXTH FLOOR AND THE
OF THE DUNBAR TOWER ARE GOING
VIEWS FROM THE SIXTH FLOOR
TO BE STUNNING.
OF THE DUNBAR TOWER ARE GOING
>> AND IF THE RESIDENTS WOULD
TO BE STUNNING.
LET ME I WOULD GO AND DO MY
>> AND IF THE RESIDENTS WOULD
LAUNDRY THERE BECAUSE THAT'S
LET ME I WOULD GO AND DO MY
ONE OF THE FACILITIES THAT'S ON
LAUNDRY THERE BECAUSE THAT'S
THE SIXTH FLOOR AND THERE'S
ONE OF THE FACILITIES THAT'S ON
ALSO A COMMUNITY ROOM AND I
THE SIXTH FLOOR AND THERE'S
LOVE THAT THAT PROJECT IS GOING
ALSO A COMMUNITY ROOM AND I
UP AND IT'S GOING TO HAVE AS
LOVE THAT THAT PROJECT IS GOING
GOOD OR BETTER OF YOU THAN
UP AND IT'S GOING TO HAVE AS
ANOTHER PROJECT THAT IS NOT AT
GOOD OR BETTER OF YOU THAN
ALL AFFORDABLE IN THE SAME
ANOTHER PROJECT THAT IS NOT AT
AREA.
ALL AFFORDABLE IN THE SAME
>> COUNCIL MEMBER MALIK I HAVE
AREA.
THE DELIGHTFUL OPPORTUNITY LAST
>> COUNCIL MEMBER MALIK I HAVE
WEEK TO TAG ALONG ON A CITY
THE DELIGHTFUL OPPORTUNITY LAST
CAMPUS BEAN PICK UP ROUTE
WEEK TO TAG ALONG ON A CITY
STARTING AT THE CRACK OF DAWN I
CAMPUS BEAN PICK UP ROUTE
HOPPED IN A CITY COMPOST TRUCK
STARTING AT THE CRACK OF DAWN I
WITH MATT FROM OUR PUBLIC WORKS
HOPPED IN A CITY COMPOST TRUCK
STAFF OVER THE NEXT EIGHT HOURS
WITH MATT FROM OUR PUBLIC WORKS
MATT AND I PROCEEDED TO GRAB
STAFF OVER THE NEXT EIGHT HOURS
THE FOUR HUNDRED AND FIFTY TWO
MATT AND I PROCEEDED TO GRAB
CARTS TOTALING EIGHT POINT TO
THE FOUR HUNDRED AND FIFTY TWO
FOUR TONS OF FOOD AND YARD
CARTS TOTALING EIGHT POINT TO
WASTE DESTINED FOR OUR CITY'S
FOUR TONS OF FOOD AND YARD
COMPOST FACILITY.
WASTE DESTINED FOR OUR CITY'S
>> NEEDLESS TO SAY I HAD A
COMPOST FACILITY.
BLAST CRUISING AROUND BORED TO
>> NEEDLESS TO SAY I HAD A
LIVING OUT MY CHILDHOOD DREAMS
BLAST CRUISING AROUND BORED TO
OF RIDING IN A GARBAGE TRUCK I
LIVING OUT MY CHILDHOOD DREAMS
PROBABLY TAKE FOR GRANTED HOW
OF RIDING IN A GARBAGE TRUCK I
EASY IT IS TO PUT TRASH
PROBABLY TAKE FOR GRANTED HOW
RECYCLING AND COMPOST OUT AT
EASY IT IS TO PUT TRASH
THE CURB AND HAVE IT ALL
RECYCLING AND COMPOST OUT AT
RELIABLY PICKED UP ON TIME AND
THE CURB AND HAVE IT ALL
LARGELY WITHOUT ISSUE EACH
RELIABLY PICKED UP ON TIME AND
WEEK.
LARGELY WITHOUT ISSUE EACH
IN FACT EARLIER TODAY I
WEEK.
ATTENDED THE MICHIGAN
IN FACT EARLIER TODAY I
SUSTAINABILITY CONFERENCE IN
ATTENDED THE MICHIGAN
GRAND RAPIDS WHERE ANN ARBOR
SUSTAINABILITY CONFERENCE IN
WAS HIGHLIGHTED AS THE ONLY
GRAND RAPIDS WHERE ANN ARBOR
MUNICIPALITY IN THE STATE TO
WAS HIGHLIGHTED AS THE ONLY
SUCCESSFULLY OFFER CURBSIDE
MUNICIPALITY IN THE STATE TO
COMPOST PICKUP FOR ITS
SUCCESSFULLY OFFER CURBSIDE
RESIDENTS THE ONLY ONE THIS IS
COMPOST PICKUP FOR ITS
A BIG DEAL THAT I DID NOT KNOW
RESIDENTS THE ONLY ONE THIS IS
SO IT WAS AN AMAZING
A BIG DEAL THAT I DID NOT KNOW
OPPORTUNITY LAST WEEK TO SEE
SO IT WAS AN AMAZING
BEHIND THE CURTAIN ON THE
OPPORTUNITY LAST WEEK TO SEE
COMPLEX INNER WORKINGS THAT IS
BEHIND THE CURTAIN ON THE
WASTE MANAGEMENT IN OUR CITY
COMPLEX INNER WORKINGS THAT IS
PULLED OFF BY SOME OF OUR
WASTE MANAGEMENT IN OUR CITY
HARDEST WORKING EMPLOYEES, OUR
PULLED OFF BY SOME OF OUR
DRIVERS ARE OUT THERE IN ALL
HARDEST WORKING EMPLOYEES, OUR
CONDITIONS SUN, RAIN, SNOW AND
DRIVERS ARE OUT THERE IN ALL
NAVIGATE QUESTIONABLE DRIVING
CONDITIONS SUN, RAIN, SNOW AND
BEHAVIOR FROM OTHERS THAT MOST
NAVIGATE QUESTIONABLE DRIVING
OF WOULD NEVER WANT TO
BEHAVIOR FROM OTHERS THAT MOST
ENCOUNTER ONCE LET ALONE
OF WOULD NEVER WANT TO
MULTIPLE TIMES EVERY SINGLE
ENCOUNTER ONCE LET ALONE
DAY.
MULTIPLE TIMES EVERY SINGLE
SO A BIG THANK YOU TO MATT FOR
DAY.
THE OPPORTUNITY AND TO ALL
SO A BIG THANK YOU TO MATT FOR
OF OUR IMPRESSIVE CITY
THE OPPORTUNITY AND TO ALL
EMPLOYEES FOR THEIR AMAZING
OF OUR IMPRESSIVE CITY
DEDICATED WORK AND STAY TUNED.
EMPLOYEES FOR THEIR AMAZING
I WAS INVITED BACK TO RIDE
DEDICATED WORK AND STAY TUNED.
ALONG ON A SNOWPLOW ROUTE THIS
I WAS INVITED BACK TO RIDE
WINTER SO I'LL REPORT BACK.
ALONG ON A SNOWPLOW ROUTE THIS
THANKS FOR THE COMMUNICATION
WINTER SO I'LL REPORT BACK.
FROM COUNCIL COUNCIL MEMBER
THANKS FOR THE COMMUNICATION
WATSON COUNCIL MEMBER HARRISON
FROM COUNCIL COUNCIL MEMBER
AND I WOULD LIKE TO INVITE YOU
WATSON COUNCIL MEMBER HARRISON
TO THE PREMIERE OF A NEW
AND I WOULD LIKE TO INVITE YOU
DOCUMENTARY FILM A RIPPLE IN
TO THE PREMIERE OF A NEW
ANN ARBOR AT TWO TWO P.M. THIS
DOCUMENTARY FILM A RIPPLE IN
SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 9TH IN THE
ANN ARBOR AT TWO TWO P.M. THIS
MAIN AUDITORIUM OF THE MICHIGAN
SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 9TH IN THE
THEATER.
MAIN AUDITORIUM OF THE MICHIGAN
>> THE TWO HOUR EVENT IS FRE
THEATER.
AND OPEN TO THE PUBLIC WITH NO
>> THE TWO HOUR EVENT IS FRE
TICKETS OR REGISTRATION
AND OPEN TO THE PUBLIC WITH NO
REQUIRED SEATS ARE AVAILABLE ON
TICKETS OR REGISTRATION
A FIRST COME FIRST SERVE BASIS
REQUIRED SEATS ARE AVAILABLE ON
A RIPPLE IN ANN ARBOR SHEDS
A FIRST COME FIRST SERVE BASIS
LIGHT ON WHAT UNFOLDED AS
A RIPPLE IN ANN ARBOR SHEDS
POLICE SEARCHED FOR A SERIAL
LIGHT ON WHAT UNFOLDED AS
RAPIST IN THE CITY IN NINETEEN
POLICE SEARCHED FOR A SERIAL
IN THE 1990S.
RAPIST IN THE CITY IN NINETEEN
THE DOCUMENTARY EXPLORES THE
IN THE 1990S.
UNFOCUSED AND INVASIVE TACTICS
THE DOCUMENTARY EXPLORES THE
USED BY POLICE TO FIND THE
UNFOCUSED AND INVASIVE TACTICS
PERPETRATOR AND THE INNOCENT
USED BY POLICE TO FIND THE
MAN BLAIRE SHELTON, WHO TOOK
PERPETRATOR AND THE INNOCENT
THE CITY TO COURT TO EXPOSE
MAN BLAIRE SHELTON, WHO TOOK
THESE TACTICS AND RECLAIM HIS
THE CITY TO COURT TO EXPOSE
DIGNITY.
THESE TACTICS AND RECLAIM HIS
MORE THAN 600 BLACK MEN WERE
DIGNITY.
QUESTIONED AND MORE THAN ONE
MORE THAN 600 BLACK MEN WERE
HUNDRED AND SIXTY HAD THEIR
QUESTIONED AND MORE THAN ONE
BLOOD DRAWN FOR DNA TESTING AS
HUNDRED AND SIXTY HAD THEIR
ANN ARBOR POLICE WORKED OFF A
BLOOD DRAWN FOR DNA TESTING AS
LIMITED SUSPECT DESCRIPTION IN
ANN ARBOR POLICE WORKED OFF A
1990 FOR THE INFAMOUS CASE
LIMITED SUSPECT DESCRIPTION IN
OF RACIAL PROFILING DUBBED AN
1990 FOR THE INFAMOUS CASE
ARBOR'S DNA DRAGNET LASTED
OF RACIAL PROFILING DUBBED AN
SEVERAL MONTHS WITH HUNDREDS
ARBOR'S DNA DRAGNET LASTED
OF MEN BECOMING POTENTIAL
SEVERAL MONTHS WITH HUNDREDS
SUSPECTS BECAUSE OF THE COLOR
OF MEN BECOMING POTENTIAL
OF THEIR SKIN.
SUSPECTS BECAUSE OF THE COLOR
MY DAD WAS NEVER STOPPED BUT
OF THEIR SKIN.
WHEN I WAS GROWING UP HE TOLD
MY DAD WAS NEVER STOPPED BUT
ME ABOUT THIS TIME EVIDENCE
WHEN I WAS GROWING UP HE TOLD
OF THE SHADOW IT CAST ACROSS
ME ABOUT THIS TIME EVIDENCE
THE BLACK COMMUNITY.
OF THE SHADOW IT CAST ACROSS
KIM HARRISON IS THE ORIGINATOR
THE BLACK COMMUNITY.
AND PRODUCER OF THIS FILM AND
KIM HARRISON IS THE ORIGINATOR
SHE WILL SPEAK AS PART OF A
AND PRODUCER OF THIS FILM AND
PANEL FOLLOWING THE SCREENING.
SHE WILL SPEAK AS PART OF A
THE EVENT WILL ALSO INCLUDE A
PANEL FOLLOWING THE SCREENING.
FORMAL APOLOGY TO THOSE
THE EVENT WILL ALSO INCLUDE A
AFFECTED.
FORMAL APOLOGY TO THOSE
MY HOPE IS THAT THE SCREENING
AFFECTED.
AND PANEL WILL SERVE AS A FORM
MY HOPE IS THAT THE SCREENING
OF TRUTH AND RECONCILIATION AND
AND PANEL WILL SERVE AS A FORM
IN LIGHT OF PAST INJUSTICE,
OF TRUTH AND RECONCILIATION AND
FURTHER COMMUNICATION FROM
IN LIGHT OF PAST INJUSTICE,
COUNCIL AND I KNOW A COUPLE
FURTHER COMMUNICATION FROM
OF COUNCIL MEMBERS AND I WERE
COUNCIL AND I KNOW A COUPLE
HAD THE PLEASURE OF ATTENDING
OF COUNCIL MEMBERS AND I WERE
THE OPENING OF THE MARTIN
HAD THE PLEASURE OF ATTENDING
VANDERMEER TUNNEL CONNECTING
THE OPENING OF THE MARTIN
IMPORTANT PORTIONS OF THE
VANDERMEER TUNNEL CONNECTING
BORDER TO BORDER ENABLING FOLKS
IMPORTANT PORTIONS OF THE
TO GET FROM VANDERMEER OUT
BORDER TO BORDER ENABLING FOLKS
OF THE CITY TO YOUR OWN PARKWAY
TO GET FROM VANDERMEER OUT
IN A WAY THAT IS AVOIDS
OF THE CITY TO YOUR OWN PARKWAY
CROSSING OVER THE RAILROAD
IN A WAY THAT IS AVOIDS
TRACKS.
CROSSING OVER THE RAILROAD
IT'S AN EFFORT ANOTHER EFFORT
TRACKS.
TO IMPROVE CITY INFRASTRUCTURE
IT'S AN EFFORT ANOTHER EFFORT
IN A WAY THAT PROMOTES SAFETY
TO IMPROVE CITY INFRASTRUCTURE
CONNECTIVITY AND AN OUTDOOR
IN A WAY THAT PROMOTES SAFETY
ENGAGEMENT.
CONNECTIVITY AND AN OUTDOOR
I'D LIKE TO RECOMMEND THE
ENGAGEMENT.
FOLLOWING NOMINATION FOR YOUR
I'D LIKE TO RECOMMEND THE
CONSIDERATION TO THE EMPLOYEES
FOLLOWING NOMINATION FOR YOUR
RETIREMENT SYSTEM BOARD
CONSIDERATION TO THE EMPLOYEES
OF TRUSTEES CASEY WALBRIDGE AND
RETIREMENT SYSTEM BOARD
TO THE LOCAL DEVELOPER PART
OF TRUSTEES CASEY WALBRIDGE AND
OF ME THE LOCAL OFFICERS
TO THE LOCAL DEVELOPER PART
COMPENSATION COMMISSION BRIAN
OF ME THE LOCAL OFFICERS
WEINERT YOU'LL NOTICE IN YOUR
COMPENSATION COMMISSION BRIAN
IN YOUR PACKET THAT THAT IS
WEINERT YOU'LL NOTICE IN YOUR
IDENTIFIED AS A ONE STEP
IN YOUR PACKET THAT THAT IS
APPOINTMENT WITH EIGHT VOTES
IDENTIFIED AS A ONE STEP
REQUIRED.
APPOINTMENT WITH EIGHT VOTES
>> I'M MERELY OFFERING IT TO
REQUIRED.
YOU FOR YOUR CONSIDERATION
>> I'M MERELY OFFERING IT TO
TODAY SINCE THERE ARE SEVEN
YOU FOR YOUR CONSIDERATION
OF US AND NO VOTES.
TODAY SINCE THERE ARE SEVEN
>> HOWEVER, WITH SEVEN WE CAN
OF US AND NO VOTES.
MOVE FORWARD ON THE RESOLUTION
>> HOWEVER, WITH SEVEN WE CAN
TO APPOINT WAYNE POWELL TO THE
MOVE FORWARD ON THE RESOLUTION
AIRPORT ADVISORY COMMITTEE AS A
TO APPOINT WAYNE POWELL TO THE
NON REGISTERED ELECTOR.
AIRPORT ADVISORY COMMITTEE AS A
MAY I HAVE A MOTION PLEASE MOVE
NON REGISTERED ELECTOR.
BY COUNCILOR QUENELLE SECONDED
MAY I HAVE A MOTION PLEASE MOVE
BY COUNCIL MEMBER DENHA
BY COUNCILOR QUENELLE SECONDED
DISCUSSION PLEASE FAVOR ALL
BY COUNCIL MEMBER DENHA
OPPOSED IT IS APPROVED WITH
DISCUSSION PLEASE FAVOR ALL
SEVEN COUNCIL MEMBERS PRESENT
OPPOSED IT IS APPROVED WITH
THUS SATISFYING THE EIGHT VOTE
SEVEN COUNCIL MEMBERS PRESENT
STRIKE THAT SEVEN VOTE
THUS SATISFYING THE EIGHT VOTE
REQUIREMENT WE NOW COME TO WE
STRIKE THAT SEVEN VOTE
NOW HAVE THE CONSENT AGENDA MAY
REQUIREMENT WE NOW COME TO WE
HAVE A MOTION PLEASE TO APPROVE
NOW HAVE THE CONSENT AGENDA MAY
THE CONSENT AND MOVE BY COUNCIL
HAVE A MOTION PLEASE TO APPROVE
MEMBER DIS SECONDED BY COUNCIL
THE CONSENT AND MOVE BY COUNCIL
MEMBER MALIK DISCUSSION OF THE
MEMBER DIS SECONDED BY COUNCIL
CONSENT AGENDA.
MEMBER MALIK DISCUSSION OF THE
MAY I HAVE A REMOVAL OF C11
CONSENT AGENDA.
PLEASE?
MAY I HAVE A REMOVAL OF C11
>> I REMOVED MY COUNCIL MEMBER
PLEASE?
DENHA FOR THE DISCUSSION
>> I REMOVED MY COUNCIL MEMBER
OF CONSENT AGENDA COUNCIL
DENHA FOR THE DISCUSSION
MEMBER DENHA I MAY ALSO
OF CONSENT AGENDA COUNCIL
PULSIFER SIX FOR A COUPLE
MEMBER DENHA I MAY ALSO
OF QUESTIONS PLEASE.
PULSIFER SIX FOR A COUPLE
C11 SIX FURTHER DISCUSSION
OF QUESTIONS PLEASE.
OF THE CONSENT AGENDA ALL IN
C11 SIX FURTHER DISCUSSION
FAVOR THEY CAN SET THE AGENDA
OF THE CONSENT AGENDA ALL IN
ALL OPPOSED.
FAVOR THEY CAN SET THE AGENDA
THE CONSENT AGENDA IS APPROVED
ALL OPPOSED.
WITH THE EXCEPTION OF C11 AND A
THE CONSENT AGENDA IS APPROVED
SIX
C11 RESOLUTION TO EXERCISE
A RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL TO
PURCHASE AND RESELL THE
AFFORDABLE UNIT AT ONE ZERO
FIVE ASHLEY MUSE AND
APPROPRIATE FUNDS MOVE BY
COUNCIL MEMBER A DENHA SECURED
BY COUNCIL MEMBER DISH
DISCUSSION PLEASE.
IF C11 I WILL OBSERVE THAT
EIGHT VOTES ARE REQUIRED TO
APPROVE THIS ITEM AND SO I
REQUEST ITS POSTPONEMENT UNTIL
THE NEXT MEETING MOVE UP
POSTPONEMENT MOVE BY COUNCIL
MEMBER MALIK SECONDED BY
COUNCIL MEMBER DISH DISCUSSION
ON FAVOR OR OPPOSED IT IS
POSTPONED K SIX RESOLUTION TO
PROHIBIT ON-STREET PARKING ON
THE SOUTH SIDE OF BROCKMANN
BOULEVARD FROM COURT TO FARDON
ROAD MOVE BY COUNCIL MEMBER
OF DENHA SECONDED BY COUNCIL
MEMBER GRENELLE DISCUSSION
PLEASE OF THE SIX COUNCIL
MEMBER DENHA.
>> THANK YOU MAYOR.
I JUST WANT TO ASK A COUPLE
OF QUESTIONS OF STAFF.
I HAVE A CONSTITUENT HERE WITH
US THIS EVENING WHO IS PLANNING
TO SPEAK BUT I CAUGHT HIM
BEFORE THE MEETING AND WHEN I
TOLD HIM I WAS GOING TO SPEAK
AND ASK SOME QUESTIONS HE HE
DECLINED TO SPEAK AT THE
BEGINNING OF THE MEETING BUT
SENT AN EMAIL TO TO ME EARLIER
JUST WANTED TO MAKE SURE THAT
WE HAD SOME VISIBILITY OF HIS
CONCERNS AS THIS PROJECT MOVES
FORWARD.
I KNOW
THIS IS A PROJECT THAT
STAFF HAS BEEN WORKING REALLY
HARD ON TO MAKE SURE THAT WE
HAVE SIDEWALKS ON BOTH SIDES
OF THE STREET IN ALONG
BROCKMANN AND HAVE ALSO BEEN
ABLE TO WORK WITH THE RESIDENTS
TO DEVELOP A PLAN THAT NOT ONLY
PRESERVES ALL OF OUR OUR
BEAUTIFUL STREET TREES AND TREE
CANOPY THERE BUT ALSO WILL
NARROW THE STREET AND AND SLOW
TRAFFIC DOWN IN WHAT HAS BECOME
KIND OF A CUT THROUGH IN THAT
NEIGHBORHOOD.
I UNDERSTAND IN ORDER TO
ACCOMPLISH THIS WE NEED TO
NARROW THE STREET DOWN TO ABOUT
TWENTY TWO FEET WHICH IS NOT
STANDARD FOR THE PROJECT.
BUT I WAS WONDERING STAFF COULD
COULD SPEAK A LITTLE BIT TO HOW
WE GOT TO THAT THAT WIDTH AND
THEN ALSO IF THERE ARE OTHER
STREETS IN THE CITY THAT KIND
OF FOLLOW THAT SAME MODEL.
HI I'M NICK HUTCHINSON.
I'M THE CITY ENGINEER.
YEAH I CAN SPEAK TO THAT A
LITTLE BIT HOW WE GOT TO THAT
WITH IS THAT'S THE AMOUNT
OF SPACE THAT WE NEEDED TO
NARROW THE ROAD IN ORDER TO
CREATE SPACE FOR THE FOR A FIVE
FOOT SIDEWALK AND FOR A A
BUFFER IN BETWEEN THE SIDEWALK
A LAWN EXTENSION AREA IF YOU
WILL.
AND AFTER SEVERAL MEETINGS WITH
THE PUBLIC WE SETTLED ON THAT
SOLUTIONS AS A COMPROMISE SO
THAT WE COULD AVOID MOST OF THE
TREE REMOVALS ON THE PROJECT
AND ALSO BE ABLE TO PUT THE
SIDEWALK A LITTLE BIT FURTHER
AWAY FROM PEOPLE'S HOUSES ON
THAT SIDE OF THE STREET IN
TERMS OF OTHER LOCATIONS, THERE
ARE OTHER STREETS THIS NARROW
WITH PARKING ON ONE SIDE.
ONE OF THE EXAMPLES THAT WAS
JUST DONE LAST YEAR IS PAGE
AVENUE OVER ON THE OTHER SIDE
OF PACARD WE HAVE A VERY
SIMILAR WIDTH OVER THERE AND TO
DATE WE HAVE NOT HEARD ANY
COMPLAINTS ABOUT ISSUES WITH
PEOPLE BEING ABLE TO GET IN AND
DRIVEWAYS.
>> THANK YOU.
AND THEN I ALSO KNOW THAT THIS
PARTICULAR CONSTITUENT THERE
ARE A FEW OF THEM THAT ARE KIND
OF LIKE ON A CURVE ON THE
STREET AND HIS CONCERN IS KIND
OF WITH THE NARROWER WIDTH AND
PARKING ACROSS THE STREET FROM
HIS DRIVEWAY WHETHER OR NOT THE
CONDITIONS IN THAT PARTICULAR
AREA WOULD ALLOW FOR HIM TO TO
SAFELY EXIT AND ENTER HIS
DRIVEWAY AND I GUESS I JUST
WONDER IF YOU COULD TALK A
LITTLE BIT ABOUT WHAT THE
PROCESS WILL BE FOR FINALIZING
THIS DESIGN AND THEN ALSO
ENSURING THAT EVERYBODY ON THAT
STREET IS STILL GOING TO BE
ABLE TO HAVE SAFE ACCESS TO
THEIR DRIVEWAYS.
>> SURE, BUT WE'VE RUN WE'VE
RUN WHAT IN THE ENGINEERING
WORLD WE CALL IT TURNING
TEMPLATE WHICH IS HOW WE
ANALYZE HOW VEHICLES CAN MOVE
AROUND CORNERS AND IN AND OUT
OF DRIVEWAYS AND THINGS LIKE
THAT.
AND BASED ON THAT IT APPEARS
THAT THE DRIVEWAY WILL BE
ACCESSIBLE.
IT'LL BE TIGHT THE WHOLE ROAD
WILL BE TIGHTER THAN IT WAS
BEFORE.
BUT IT LOOKS LIKE IT WILL BE
IT'LL BE FEASIBLE AT THAT
DRIVEWAY TO BE GETTING IN AND
OUT IF AFTER CONSTRUCTION THERE
IS THERE ARE ISSUES AT THAT
LOCATION WE CAN ALWAYS LOOK AT
PROHIBITING PARKING ON ONE SIDE
OF THE STREET IN ONE SPOT IN
THAT AREA TO YOU KNOW, TO ALLOW
FOR VEHICLES TO GET IN AND OUT
IF THERE IS NOT ENOUGH ROOM AND
THEY CAN DO THAT BY CONTACTING
CITY STAFF AND WE CAN ANALYZE
THAT AND WORK THROUGH THAT
PROCESS.
THANK YOU.
I APPRECIATE THAT.
AND I ALSO JUST WANT TO EXPRESS
MY GRATITUDE TO STAFF.
I KNOW THAT STAFF HAS WORKED
REALLY HARD ON THIS PROJECT TO
MAKE SURE THAT THE COMMUNITY
WAS INVOLVED IN THAT PROCESS
AND AND THIS WAS I THINK A
REALLY GREAT OUTCOME AND
COMPROMISE FOR EVERYONE AND I'M
GLAD THAT STAFF IS STILL KIND
OF PAYING ATTENTION TO THOSE
REMAINING CONCERNS THAT MIGHT
BE OUT THERE AS THIS PROJECT
CONTINUES.
>> SO THANK YOU VERY MUCH FOR
THE DISCUSSION.
THANK YOU FOR THE DISCUSSION
OF 666.
MY FAVORITE OR POST IT IS
APPROVED.
>> WE NOW COME TO TWO PUBLIC
HEARINGS ON THE AGENDA.
PUBLIC HEARINGS ARE
OPPORTUNITIES FOR MEMBERS
OF THE PUBLIC TO SPEAK TO THE
COMMUNITY ABOUT THE SPECIFIC
SUBJECT MATTER OF THE PUBLIC
HEARING TO SPEAK AT A PUBLIC
HEARING ONE NEED NOT HAVE
SIGNED UP IN ADVANCE BUT YOUR
SPEECH MUST RELATE TO THE
SPECIFIC SUBJECT OF THE PUBLIC
HEARING THAT IS TO SAY THE ITEM
ON THE AGENDA TO WHICH THE
PUBLIC HEARING RELATES SPEAKERS
IN ALL INSTANCES WILL HAVE
THREE MINUTES IN WHICH TO SPEAK
.
SO PLEASE PAY CLOSE ATTENTION
TO THE TIME OUR CLERK OR THE
TIME CLOCK WILL NOTIFY YOU IN
THIRTY SECONDS ARE REMAINING
AND WHEN YOUR TIME HAS EXPIRED,
WHEN YOUR TIME IS EXPIRED,
PLEASE CONCLUDE YOUR REMARKS
AND CEDE THE FLOOR PUBLIC
HEARING NUMBER ONE AN AUDIENCE
TO AMEND CHAPTER FORTY TREES
AND OTHER VEGETATION OTHER
VEGETATION OF TITLE THREE PARKS
AND PUBLIC GROUND OF THE
CODE THE CITY OF ANN ARBOR.
>> IS THERE ANYONE WHO LIKE TO
SPEAK AT THIS PUBLIC HEARING
BEFORE ANYONE CHOOSES TO SPEAK
AT THIS PUBLIC HEARING I WILL
OBSERVE THAT THE CITY ATTORNEY
HAS ADVISED US HAS REQUESTED
THAT WE POSTPONE THE POSTPONE
THE ORDINANCE AND TO OUR NEXT
MEETING KNOWING NO REASON WHY
WE WOULDN'T COMPLY WITH THAT
REQUEST.
I WOULD EXPECT THE ORDINANCE TO
BE POSTPONED.
THIS PUBLIC HEARING WILL OCCUR
AT BOTH THIS MEETING AND THE
NEXT MEETING.
THEREFORE TO SPEAK AT THIS
PUBLIC HEARING TODAY MEANS THAT
YOU CANNOT SPEAK AT THE NEXT
MEETING WHEN THE RESOLUTION
WILL BE CONSIDERED.
>> IS THERE ANYONE WHO CAN
SPEAK UNDER THOSE CIRCUMSTANCES
AT THIS PUBLIC HEARING MYSELF?
OK, FIRST I WANT TO START WITH
A QUOTE FROM KEN BURNS WHO'S
WEIGHED IN ON THE COMPREHENSIVE
PLAN EARLIER.
THE BEST ARGUMENT IN THE WORLD
WON'T CHANGE A SINGLE PERSON'S
POINT OF VIEW, HE SAID THE ONLY
THING THAT CAN DO THIS IS A
GOOD STORY.
GOOD STORIES ARE A KIND
OF BENEVOLENT TROJAN HORSE.
YOU LET THEM IN AND THEY ADD
COMPLICATION ALLOWING YOU TO
UNDERSTAND THAT SOMETIMES A
THING OR ITS OPPOSITE ARE TRUE
AT THE SAME TIME.
SO CHAPTER FORTY SOMEONE
MENTIONED THAT THEY BROUGHT A
RECOMMENDATION FORWARD TWENTY
YEARS AGO.
I WANT TO SAY THAT I HAVE
BESTED THEM BECAUSE MARCH 10TH
NINETEEN NINETY EIGHT I WROTE A
LETTER TO MAYOR SHELDON AND
OTHERS REGARDING AN AMENDMENT
TO CHAPTER FORTY AND THAT WAS
THAT WE SHOULD HAVE PROACTIVE
ENFORCEMENT OF CHAPTER FORTY IN
A SCHOOL WALK ZONES.
SO I WILL SUBMIT THAT IN
WRITING AGAIN MY STORY IS ON
HALLOWEEN NIGHT 60 PLUS YEARS
AGO MY NEIGHBOR WAS HIT BY A
CAR.
THE CAR WAS NOT GOING MORE THAN
FIVE MILES AN HOUR.
IT WASN'T SPEEDING.
IT WASN'T A WIDE ROAD.
THERE WAS OVERGROWN VEGETATION
ON THE CORNER.
THE NEIGHBOR BOY WHO WAS A
COUPLE OF YEARS YOUNGER THAN ME
SO PROBABLY ABOUT EIGHT YEARS
OLD WAS IN A BODY CAST FROM
HERE TO HIS KNEES BACK IN THOSE
DAYS YOU WERE IN A BODY CAST
FOR ABOUT SIX MONTHS IF YOU HAD
A BROKEN HIP IT'S NOT LIKE
TODAY.
SO I HAVE ALWAYS BEEN CONCERNED
ABOUT PEDESTRIANS SAFETY.
JUST WANT TO SHOW A FEW VISUALS
HERE.
I HOPE THAT WHEN WE EDUCATE
ABOUT CHAPTER FORTY WE DON'T DO
SOMETHING LIKE THIS.
THIS IS WHAT WE DID WITH THE
CROSSWALK ORDINANCE PEDESTRIANS
RULE.
WE KNOW BASED ON THE DATA WHAT
THAT RESULTED IN.
WE HAVE SOMETHING FROM FEDERAL
HIGHWAY ADMINISTRATION ALSO ON
PEDESTRIAN SAFETY.
THEY SAY ALWAYS FOLLOW THESE
STEPS WHEN CROSSING A STREET
BEFORE CROSSING OR STOP AT THE
CURB EDGE OF THE ROAD OR CORNER
BEFORE PROCEEDING LOOK LEFT,
RIGHT, LEFT, BLAH BLAH BLAH.
SO BASICALLY EVERYONE HAS
RESPONSIBILITY.
IT'S NOT ANY OF THIS HOW AS AN
ARBITER MEASURE UP BECAUSE WE
DON'T CARE HOW ANYBODY MEASURES
UP.
WE WANT PEOPLE TO BE SAFE.
LASTLY, WE HAVE AN OPPORTUNITY
TO EDUCATE THE PUBLIC ABOUT
CHAPTER FORTY.
WE CAN DO THAT WITH SOMETHING
LIKE THIS FOR SNOW REMOVAL.
WE CAN DO IT WITH SOMETHING
LIKE THIS FOR REFUGE.
WE JUST APPROVED A TWO HUNDRED
AND SEVENTY ONE THOUSAND DOLLAR
CONTRACT WITH ICE CREAM BOYS
COMPANY AND I'M SURE IN
ADDITION TO SNOW REMOVAL HE CAN
DEAL WITH VEGETATION FOR TWO
HUNDRED AND SEVENTY ONE
THOUSAND DOLLARS.
>> HAVE A GOOD EVENING.
THANK YOU.
>> IS THERE ANYONE ELSE IN
HOUSE WOULD LIKE TO SPEAK AT
THIS PUBLIC HEARING?
IS THERE ANYONE ONLINE WHO
WOULD LIKE TO SPEAK AT THIS
PUBLIC HEARING?
>> NO ONE WITH THEIR HANDS
RAISED MAYOR
SEE NO ONE THIS
PUBLIC HEARING IS HELD OVER IN
THE EVENT OF A POSTWOMAN PUBLIC
HEARING NO.
TWO RESOLUTION TO APPROVE A
BROWNFIELD PLAN FOR THE IRS
PROJECT TWO EIGHT FOUR OR FIVE
SOUTH STATE STREET.
IS THERE ANYONE WHO'D LIKE TO
SPEAK AT THIS PUBLIC HEARING
THIS PUBLIC HEARING TOO WILL BE
EXTENDED WHEN THE RESOLUTION TO
APPROVE A BROWNFIELD PLAN FOR
THE IRS PROJECT RETURNS TO CITY
COUNCIL.
WE NEVERTHELESS HAVE TO KEEP
THIS PUBLIC HEARING OPEN NOW
THEN WE'D LIKE TO SPEAK AT THIS
PUBLIC HEARING.
YOU ARE WELCOME TO DO SO.
HOWEVER, THE ITEM HAS BEEN
STRICKEN FROM THE AGENDA AND
WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED AT THIS
MEETING.
IF YOU SPEAK TODAY AT THIS
PUBLIC HEARING YOU MAY NOT BE
ABLE TO SPEAK AT THE PUBLIC
HEARING WHEN THE ITEM WILL BE
CONSIDERED.
IS THERE ANYONE WHO HOUSE WOULD
LIKE TO SPEAK AT THIS PUBLIC
HEARING ABOUT TWENTY SEVENTEEN
VERY SORRY.
I DON'T KNOW WHEN IT WILL BE
RESCHEDULED TO SO I WILL SPEAK
NOW I DON'T ENVY YOUR JOB AND
HAVING TO MAKE THIS DECISION.
IT'S A HARD ONE.
I AM A BIG PROPONENT OF MORE
HOUSING IN OUR CITY.
WE DESPERATELY NEED MORE
HOUSING AND THIS PROJECT WOULD
BRING SOME AFFORDABLE HOUSING
UNITS BUT WOULD ALSO PUT THE
CITY IN A REALLY HARD FINANCIAL
PLACE OF HAVING A LOT OF DEBT
RELATED TO PARKING STRUCTURES
WHICH IS NOT AT ALL ALIGNED
WITH OUR CITY'S GOALS AND
MISSION AND IS A BIG RISK.
SO YOU GET INTO THE DETAILS WE
CAN ASK
FOR CLARIFICATION OR
TRY TO MAKE SURE THAT THE
DEVELOPER BRING TAKES
ON MORE
OF THAT RISK IF THIS PROPOSAL
HAD RESULTED IN THE CITY HAVING
ASSETS OF ANYTHING OTHER THAN
PARKING STRUCTURES, I WOULD BE
MORE IN FAVOR OF IT.
BUT PERSONALLY IT'S A NO FOR ME
WITH CITI TAKING ON A BUNCH
OF DEBT FOR THREE LARGE PARKING
STRUCTURES THAT ARE GOING TO
DETERIORATE THAT ARE GOING TO
REQUIRE MAINTENANCE, THAT ARE
GOING TO SHARE A WALL WITH
CONDO UNITS AND THEN HAVE
RESIDENTS HAVE TO DEAL WITH A
PARKING STRUCTURE THAT THE CITY
NOW HAS TO MAINTAIN.
IT JUST DOESN'T ADD UP TO ME.
IT'S NOT AN EASY CHOICE TO MAKE
MANY OF MY FRIENDS WHO ALSO
CARE ABOUT AFFORDABLE HOUSING
ARE SPLIT ON THIS ISSUE AND
I'VE HEARD LOTS OF GOOD
ARGUMENTS ON BOTH SIDES SO IT'S
A TOUGH CHOICE.
I'D SAY VOTE NO AS IT STANDS.
THANK YOU.
JEREMY HAILEYBURY TOWNSHIP.
OH WHO'S PAYING FOR THE CLEANUP
OF THE SITE?
THAT'S WHAT KIND OF WONDERING
IS IT GOING TO BE THE DEVELOPER
GRANTS OR STATE CITY WHO'S
GOING TO BE DOING ALL THAT?
MY CONCERN ALSO IS THE PARKING
STRUCTURES ON SITE BEING
GETTING BONDED OUT TO THE CITY.
MY CONCERN IS IF ONE DAY YOU
PULL THESE BONDS AND IT COMES
OUT THAT YOU FIND OUT THAT
THESE BONDS WERE BASED OFF
OF PRAISE OR VALUES OF HOMES
THAT WAS RAISED IN SUCH A WAY
IT WOULD BE FRAUD THAT WOULD BE
MEAN THAT THE BOND THAT YOU
TOOK OUT WOULD BE ALSO FACE ON
A LIE OR A FRAUD.
AND IF THAT WERE TO HAPPEN,
WHERE WOULD THE CITY SIT IN
THAT SITUATION BECAUSE YOU HAVE
THIRTY YEARS TO PLAY THAT ONE
OUT AND THE CASE THAT'S GOING
ON IN TEXAS GOES AFTER BONDS
AND HOUSING PRICES AS IT BEING
A FRAUD AND POSTMASTER GENERAL
BEING INVOLVED THE S.E.C. IS
BEING INVOLVED.
THIS CASE IS MOVING LONG AND
IT'S COME TO FIND OUT YOU GUYS
PULL THIS LARGE SPON AND IT'S
PROVEN THAT THIS HAS BEEN
HAPPENING ALL ACROSS THE
COUNTRY.
WHERE WERE THE CITIES HOLDING
ONE HUNDRED AND FORTY MILLION
DOLLARS BOND IF IT CAN TURN OUT
THAT IT'S ONLY WORTH TO WHERE
13 TO 30 CENTS ON THE DOLLAR
BUT YOU'RE PAYING A DOLLAR, HOW
WOULD YOU FEEL IF YOU'RE ON
LINE FOR THAT MUCH MONEY AND
REALLY IF YOU DIVIDE THE NUMBER
OF RESIDENTS YOU HAVE WITH ONE
HUNDRED FORTY MILLION DOLLARS
OR HOMES, THAT'S HOW MUCH EACH
HOME IS ON THE HOOK FOR FOUR
OUT OF THE HUNDRED AND FORTY
MILLION DOLLARS UNTIL IT'S ALL
SAID PAID FOR.
>> THANK YOU.
THANK YOU.
IS THERE ANYONE ELSE IN HOUSE
TO SPEAK AT THIS PUBLIC HEARING
?
>> IS THERE ANYONE ONLINE WHO
WOULD LIKE TO SPEAK AT THIS
PUBLIC HEARING THE LISA JAVINS
PLEASE PRESS STAR SIX TURN MUTE
.
>> HI THIS IS LISA JAVINS.
I LIVE AT TEN FIFTY FOR MARTIN
PLACE IN ARBER.
I URGE YOU TO TABLE ANYTHING
THAT HAS TO DO WITH THE ARBER
STEALTH PROJECT UNTIL YOU HAVE
ASSESSED THE RISK TO OUR
COMMUNITY.
FOR EXAMPLE THE SEVEN SEVEN
SEVEN EISENHAUER BUILDING IS
OPTIONED BY U OF M WHICH HAS A
RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL TO
PURCHASE IT THROUGH TWENTY
TWENTY NINE WHEN THIS WAS
BROUGHT TO THE ATTENTION OF OUR
COUNCILMAN TRAVIS FOR DENHA
THIS MORNING HE HAD TO CHECK
WITH THE LAWYERS ABOUT THIS NEW
FACT.
THE LAWYER SAID THAT SEVEN
SEVEN SEVEN EISENHOWER WAS NOT
PART OF THE PROJECT BUT IT IS
CLEARLY SHOWN ON YOUR OWN
ENGAGED WEBSITE MAP AND HAS
BEEN THERE SINCE THE BEGINNING.
DO YOU UNDERSTAND THE DETAILS
OF WHAT YOU WERE VOTING ON THE
ROLE OF THE UNIVERSITY HERE
NEEDS TO BE CLARIFIED ALSO HAVE
YOU DONE YOUR DUE DILIGENCE
REGARDING OXFORD?
THIS COMPANY IS TANKING DUE TO
THE LACK OF DEMAND FOR OFFICE
SPACE.
ITS FINANCIAL INFORMATION
PUBLIC AND IS NOT ON SOLID
FOOTING.
WHY IS A FIVE FIGURE CAMPAIGN
DONOR GETTING SPECIAL TREATMENT
FOR HIS FAILING COMPANY?
>> I WOULD LOVE TO KNOW THE
ANSWER TO THAT.
>> HAVE YOU ASSESSED WHAT IT
MIGHT MEAN FOR THE CITY TO
EXPOSE ITSELF TO THREE HUNDRED
MILLION IN BONDS FOR ONE
PROJECT?
>> THIS IS TWICE THE AMOUNT
THAT THE PUBLIC WAS TOLD IN ALL
PREVIOUS MEETINGS ON THIS
TOPIC.
HAS ANYONE DONE ANY RISK
MANAGEMENT ON THIS ALSO WHY
WOULD YOU WANT TO SADDLE FUTURE
AND ARBOR RESIDENTS WITH THREE
ENORMOUS AND PROBABLY DEGRADING
PARKING STRUCTURES THIRTY YEARS
FROM NOW IF YOU MADE THE TWO
HUNDRED AFFORDABLE HOUSING
UNITS WHY NOT USE THE SEVENTEEN
DOLLARS MILLION FROM THE SALE
OF THE CLEAN LOT BUY A CHUNK
OF AN HOUR OF ARBER S LAND FROM
OXFORD THEY WOULD PROBABLY
WELCOME THE CASH THEN USE OUR
TAX MILEAGE MONEY TO BUILD
AFFORDABLE HOUSING THERE.
THIS WOULD NOT PUT THE CITY AT
RISK AND WOULD ACCOMPLISH
PUBLIC GOALS.
OUR HERSELF ISN'T ADVISABLE
BOONDOGGLE THAT THE PUBLIC
WOULD NOT SUPPORT IF THEY KNEW
THE RISKS THAT POSED.
THEY ALREADY DON'T SUPPORT THE
PUBLIC FUNDED PARKING
STRUCTURES AS YOU HAVE JUST
HEARD FOR A PRIVATE DEVELOPER
NOR THE ONE HUNDRED AND SEVENTY
FIVE THOUSAND DOLLARS OF PUBLIC
MONEY ALREADY SPENT ON LAWYERS
FOR THIS PRIVATIZING PROFIT
WHILE SOCIALIZING RISK IS BAD
POLICY.
I AM SHOCKED THAT YOU WOULD
EVEN ENTERTAIN SUCH A SCHEME
SUCH HERSELF IN THE FIRST PLACE
AND I HOPE WHEN THE TIME COMES
YOU ALL VOTE NO.
>> THIRTY SECONDS.
THANK YOU.
THANK YOU
MAYOR.
THERE IS NO ONE ELSE WITH THEIR
HAND RAISED
SEE NO IN THIS
PUBLIC HEARING IS CLOSED.
>> I HAVE A MOTION PLEASE TO
APPROVE THE REGULAR MEETING
MINUTES OF OCTOBER 20, 2025
MOVE BY COUNCIL MEMBER WATSON
SECONDED BY COUNCIL MEMBER IA
DISCUSSION PLEASE OF THE
MINUTES ON FAVOR OR POSED THE
MINUTES ARE APPROVED B ONE AN
AUDIENCE TO AMEND CHAPTER FORTY
TREES AND OTHER VEGETATION
OF TITLE THREE PARKS AND PUBLIC
GROUNDS OF THE CODE OF THE CITY
THAT ARE MOVE BY COUNCIL MEMBER
CORNELL SECONDED BY COUNCIL
MEMBER DISH DISCUSSION.
>> PLEASE BE ONE COUNCILOR.
>> I WOULD LIKE TO MOVE THAT WE
POSTPONE THIS AGENDA ITEM BASED
ON THE RECOMMENDATION
OF TRANSPORTATION STAFF IN
ORDER TO ALLOW FOR MORE TIME
FOR STAFF TO PROVIDE FEEDBACK
FOR COUNCIL TO CONSIDER ON THIS
FOR POSTPONE IT DID SAY TILL
THE NEXT MEETING I WOULD YES.
I DID NOT SAY THAT THAT WAS MY
INTENTION.
>> THANK YOU SIR.
AWESOME.
IS THERE A SECOND SECOND
ADVISORY COUNCIL MEMBER MALLICK
DISCUSSION OF THE POSTPONEMENT
IN FAVOR OR OPPOSED?
>> IT IS POSTPONED OBSERVING
THE DC ONE IN DC TWO ARE NO
LONGER ON OUR AGENDA.
MISS CORPS, DO WE HAVE THE
PLEASURE OF A CLOSED SESSION
TODAY?
WE HAVE BEFORE US THE CLERK'S
SUPPORT OF COMMUNICATIONS
PETITIONS REFERRALS CARRY
MOTION PLEASE TO APPROVE THE
CLERK'S APPOINTMENT BY COUNCIL
MCCONNELL SECOND BY COUNCIL
MEMBER FOR DENHA DISCUSSION
PLEASE OF THE CLERK'S SUPPORT
ON FAVOR OR OPPOSE THE CLERK
SKORTS PROVED IS THEIR
COMMUNICATION TODAY FROM OUR
INDOMITABLE CITY ATTORNEY.
>> NO THANK YOU MAYOR MAY HAVE
A MOTION IN THE ABSENCE
OF PUBLIC COMMENT OVERFLOW MAY
HAVE A MOTION TO ADJOURN PLEASE
MOVE BY COUNCIL MEMBER THIS
SECOND COUNCIL MEMBER MALIK
DISCUSSION ON FAVOR POSED WERE
ADJOURNED